I'm Dr. Jonathan Barker, pastor here at Amazing Grace Baptist Church in Mount area, North Carolina.
I would like to personally thank you for taking out time today to tune in to our preaching podcast.
We hope that this message will be a great encouragement to your heart today.
When you come back to Genesis tonight, I love setting this book tonight.
Just the other week I came through here reading my daily devotion, going through the Bible the second time I get this year.
And I love the book of Genesis tonight.
If you don't have John Phyllis book on the book of Genesis, you ought to get it.
But anyhow, I haven't said that.
I love studying this book tonight.
The book of Genesis and Genesis itself tonight simply means begin it.
By way, I'll say this before I get started.
About six-thirty, I'm going to give you a break and you go to bathroom, go out smoke, come back in and I'll finish the message.
He said, I preached two hours, didn't he?
I don't want to disappoint him or you.
Lord, I kill the service right there.
Genesis is that the word Genesis means, but I'll begin it.
I'm gonna preach two hours.
I don't y'all see this.
I got it off.
Genesis means beginning tonight.
That doesn't mean that God had to begin him because he doesn't ever begin in tonight.
And he's always been, he's an eternal God tonight.
And he's always been.
He sees past time, present time, future time.
at the same time because he's an eternal God.
But when you need to be a congenisist tonight, you don't read far enough of a congenisist, you'll begin to read about him in the name Abram or Abraham.
And when you said about Abram or Abraham tonight, you'll find there's a lot of good things to be said about him tonight.
As a matter of fact, I was reading this morning in chapter 11.
And I believe some more in chapter 11, maybe the first part of chapter number 12,
You'll see the conversion of Abraham and chapter 11.
Of course, he married Sarah, and immediately after that, he'd come into chapter 12 here, and somewhere along that you'll find the conversion of Abraham.
Also in Genesis chapter 12 tonight, you'll see what's called the Abraham cabinet tonight.
And by the way, that covenant still seems true today.
God will bless you, but bless you as well.
And God will curse you, and curse you as well.
That covenant is still true today.
Also in chapter 12 that I've just said it, you'll find Abraham's compromise.
In Genesis chapter 12, Abraham makes a serious mistake.
He takes his wife and takes life and goes off into Egypt.
And when you study about that tonight, he wants it for nature.
You know what?
And by the way, there's a famine in the land and it goes siege up and kind this through this out tonight.
There's a lot of people Mr. Willa God over famine has a lot of Sunday's cutestures, Mr. Willa God over famine has a lot of preachers, Mr. Willa God over famine.
You said, what do you make?
Well, it may seem dead in your class.
Had that mean that God's not back.
It may seem dead in your church.
That doesn't mean that God's not blessed and dark.
Have family, there's a lot of different families talking to Word of God.
They go to Egypt because of the family.
Family calls you to miss God.
His family can cause you to miss God, and they'll say, this finances can cause you how to get out of the will of God.
So Abraham goes off into our age of power and takes his wife and takes a lot with him.
Abraham's compromise.
It's not the will of God to go to each other.
Abraham's compromise is not the will of God to go to each other.
Abraham's compromise is not the will of
And he, you see his confession.
Also in chapter 13, you see Abraham's concern.
That was a concern.
The Bible said that, and that was a strife between the lost men and the cattle that lives and kept cattle on Abraham's side.
And there was a shrub between them.
Abraham said that to not be a shrub.
Here's what you do.
You go one way and I'll go the other way.
And you remember what the Bible said?
The Bible said that lot,
His tears tear towards Sodom.
That's so true.
And he goes off into Sodom.
And when you say to your Bible, come to Genesis 18 here, how you say Abraham's concerned.
God is getting ready to store the cities outside of Myanmar.
Yes, he is.
He's getting ready to store the cities out outside of Myanmar.
And you know what happens here?
And chapter 18, Abraham against the pray for him.
Abraham against the pray God.
I will spare that place because his nephew lot and his family's home.
And by the way, I don't know how long lost there.
I know this.
He stayed there long enough to get married.
He stayed there long enough in Sodom and get married.
He stayed there long enough to have children, have a cause you had grown children.
He sure did.
Hadn't you say about how it's concerned?
Hadn't come to Genesis 18 here tonight.
God is getting right here.
I didn't saw the cities of Sodom and God.
And notice what happens here.
Had Genesis chapter 19.
And my wife got to say this while I say that.
And Genesis 18, if you've said it, God says three angels down.
How to destroy the cities of Sodom and go out.
Look at chapter 18 verse 2.
And he looked at up his eyes.
Abraham looked at up his eyes.
And look at three men.
Has stood by him.
How when he saw them.
There's three of them.
And they're getting ready to deliver a lot.
How Sodom and Gomorrah.
Look at chapter 19.
Look at chapter 19 verse 1.
And there came how many?
Two.
Who is the other one?
How that was three when he got to come to Abraham's house.
How?
Who is the other one?
And I said, there's two angels that came to sod them till he get a lot of help.
Who's that other one?
Can I tell you who it was?
How that other than the Lord himself?
And he stops off at Abraham's house and tells Abraham something to get ready to help him.
Let's see what's getting ready to help.
Look at chapter 18, about seven verse number 10.
He said, I was certainly returning to thee according to time of life.
And lo Sarah thy wife shall have a son, and sure heard it in the tent door, which was behind him.
And Abraham and Sarah was old, and well-stricken and aged, and it ceased to be with Sarah, after the manner of women.
That first Sarah life had in herself said, after I am watched old, shall I have pleasure, my Lord be in old also.
And that's verse 13.
Biles 10 verse 13, and the Lord said unto Abraham, what for did Sarah life say?
child was surely by a child which of all, yes or anything too hard for the Lord.
At the time of point it, I will return unto thee.
Let's read the verse again, verse 14, it says, thank you hard for the Lord.
According to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son.
Then Sarah shall not say in our life not, but she was afraid and he said, nay, how about thou get us light?
I'm interested not in this verse right here.
Look at verse 14.
But I'll say in verse 14, is there anything too hard for God?
That's a great text.
Are you heavy?
Is there anything too hard for God?
You know, there's three great questions found in Genesis 18.
I could preach on all of them, but I don't have time.
The first one's right here in verse 14.
Yes, there ain't anything too hard for God.
What a great question to God.
What a tremendous question.
Look at verse 23.
But I'll say in verse 23, a lot of part of it.
Well, they'll also destroy the righteous with the wicked.
That's a great question.
Look at verse number 25, let it part of verse 25.
Have shown out the judge of all the earth do right.
That's three great questions here in the Word of God.
But don't deal with verse 14 in that.
That's it.
Is there anything that's too hard for God?
I say there anything too hard for the Lord.
I want to remind you, get what's happening right here.
The Lord has stopped off at Abraham's house.
And the Lord has had a talk here out with Abraham.
And don't you see what he tells him?
First of all, he gives him a promise.
Look at verse number 10.
By verse 10, I will certainly return unto thee according to time of life.
And lo Sarah, thy wife shall have a son.
Has Sarah heard it in the tent door?
I went through it behind him.
Notice the problem.
I'll notice the promise.
How God said, Abraham, you're going to have a child.
Hey, Abraham, Sarah is going to have a child.
Are you hearing me tonight?
No words what he said in Abraham and verse 10 is this, get the nursery ready.
Get the nursery ready, but we've got a problem.
Look at verse number 11, about verse 11.
And Abraham and Sheryl was old.
By the way, he's a hundred.
Has she's nanny?
Hello, Tokyo.
Oh, yeah.
You know what I just said?
He's a hundred years old and she's nanny.
And the Bible said this first here,
And Abraham and Cheryl was old and well-stricken and aged, and it ceased to be with Cheryl after the amount of women.
Hey, listen to me now, you'll see a problem.
And the question is here, by the way, they've been married 70 years at this point.
And God says, you're going to have a child.
My wife and I have been married for five years.
We'll be in just a few days.
And my wife said this the other day.
Has she found out she was pregnant?
She's a puffy in power state building.
I probably just fall behind her.
I hear him.
I'm sorry.
His had been married 70 years, just 90 years old, Abraham's a hundred years old, have a God said there's nothing too hard for God.
Lord, I feel God when I say that and there's nothing too hard for God.
I don't know what your situation is tonight.
I don't know what you may be going through tonight, but I got some good news this Sunday afternoon.
Thank God there's nothing, there's nothing too hard for God.
Can I say this for our priests tonight?
If you study here, you'll find that God is an awesome God.
Haven't you studied about God?
You're not about sin as if he'd found, as if he'd found the Bible said that God's ways are higher than the heavens.
God's thoughts are higher than the heavens from you or not.
You know we live in a smart world.
How we live in a world that's got a lot of technology.
I love this stuff going on.
I don't even know how to operate the radio with my car.
I'm gonna say that.
And I want to make things simple.
Next time we buy a car, I'm gonna tell my wife, Google what's most simple for senior citizens.
How you hearing that?
We're living in a smart world.
We're living in a world that's got a lot of technology, but watch this.
Take all of our technology, take all of our computer technology, take all of our education and put it in a wheelbar and take God's smallest thought and put it out with our big thoughts and God's smallest thoughts will blow our big thoughts to kingdom.
Hello, I'm telling you that there's nothing.
I'm telling you that, thank God, that there's a great God that you and I serve tonight.
That there's nothing, that's nothing too hard for God.
Can I give this to our priests?
Look at chapter 17.
There's a reason that Abraham believed God.
You know New Testament, he's called the friend of God.
And they'll say this to you now, there's a tremendous reason why Abraham had such faith in God.
I don't have time to preach it in the chapter 17.
Bible said in verse 1, and Abraham was 90 years old and nine.
And the Lord appeared to Abraham and said unto him, I am Almighty God, walk before me and be thy perfect.
Now, that just seemed like a simple little verse.
But when you look at that verse, see what it's saying tonight, God is showing Abraham.
Ha ha.
I said, God is showing Abraham who he is.
Look at verse.
Abraham was 99 years old in the Lord.
You know this, I don't have to repeat it.
How anytime you see Lord in the Old Testament, they capitalize.
This is talking about Jehovah, always Jehovah.
How am I saying this to you?
Hey, he's your neighbor.
How am I?
He said, how am I?
I'm Jehovah God.
Hey, Abraham, I'm Jehovah.
Oh, you hear me this evening?
Oh, by the way, that's the same God.
Exodus chapter number three, how to pierce the Moses, God says to Moses, why don't you go to Egypt?
and lead my children out.
And Moses, Moses had a speech problem.
And Moses said, uh, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who am I going to tell, tell, tell, tell Pharaoh that that sent me down there.
And God spoke to Moses and said this, you tell Pharaoh that I am, hello, that I am.
You know who that is?
That's the hope of God.
That's a self-existent God.
That depends on nobody for nothing.
Are you hearing me tonight?
They're the one of our self-existing.
Listen, I don't even know what color socks to put on.
I do not know how to dress myself.
I am not self-existing.
Are you hearing me tonight?
Oh, oh my, for my wife, I'm telling you.
I first said the other day I was mad.
I was upset.
She moves my stuff.
And I was trying to, my fact that he's been right here, I had almost fine.
And I said, what have you done with my belt?
She said, you got it on.
But that's the truth.
The God that you not serve, he said, I assume they become who he is.
And that I am tonight.
He's a self-existent God.
That depends on nobody for that.
Let's just take a word there.
He said, I'm not only in the verse, how he says in the verse, I'm not only Lord, but then he says, I'm almighty.
I don't have time to deal with that.
How about the word almighty?
He said, I'll stand up for strong.
I said, I'll stand up for nursing, I'll strengthen.
Hey, I'll tell you not the same God we're serving tonight.
Then he says this in the verse.
He says Abraham, then I'm God, not almighty, but then I'm God.
God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy, here's what it means.
He's a self-sufficient one.
I'm telling you tonight, it means whatever you need tonight, He's able.
That's nothing too hard for God.
He's still in Abraham.
Who He is tonight.
And I'll just say this to you for our preach.
I want you to know this tonight.
The God that I serve and the God that you serve.
He's not some old, gray-headed, flea-bo.
hunts back, liping God, sitting up in heaven, wringing his hands.
Well, that's not the God we serve.
It's not the old man upstairs.
I'm telling you, hey, we serve a pretty big God tonight.
I'm telling you, he walked out on nothing, spoke world, and that's nothing too hard for God.
Now, with that in mind, and I don't give you three little folks,
and then we'll break for break.
Number one, I want to say first of all tonight, and the other thing I'm getting ready to say tonight isn't the life, it's in the life of Abraham.
I want to say first of all tonight, the other six tonight, I want to say the question is asked here, is there anything too hard for God?
I could throw a brother's hand to his wife who would go down this side and come up this side, down this side, up this side.
That's you, this question.
What do you need tonight?
What are you praying about?
What are you trusting God for?
Oh, my soul.
Oh, you'll hear me.
I see some pretty big things in the future.
Now I'd like to do in the ministry.
And I'll tell you that there's nothing.
I'm telling you there's nothing.
Oh, my, there's nothing too hard for God.
I'll give you three things.
Now I'm done number one, I'll say first of all, in the life of Abraham, you'll find that Abraham was a praying man.
I read this the other day, there's nobody in the Old Testament
that built more altars than Abraham.
That's no by no testament that record that prayed more than Abraham.
Matter of fact, if you look in chapter number 12, don't turn.
Chapter number 12, you'll find in verse number eight, Abraham builds an altar.
And He calls on God.
At Genesis 13 verse number 4, Abraham builds another altar.
Now, Abraham calls on God.
At Genesis 13, 8, you'll find Him praying again.
At Genesis 13, 18, you'll find Him building another altar.
At Genesis chapter 15 verse number 2, you'll find Him praying again.
At Genesis 17 verse 3, you'll find Him praying again.
And all that through this chapter here, He's a praying to God that He'll spare.
I sight Him and God.
He'll tell you tonight.
He's a praying man with that in mind on say this.
there's never been a prayer prayed that God can't answer.
Hello.
I said, there's never been a prayer prayed that God, I don't know what you're praying about tonight.
I don't know what your burden is tonight.
I don't know what your situation is tonight.
But now I'm here to tell you tonight.
Thank God.
It's never been a prayer prayed.
He can't answer this evening.
Oh, my soul.
Are you hear me?
You know, he's more than a house payment.
He's more than a car payment, and he's interested in those things.
Don't misunderstand that statement.
But on tape and I, he can do the exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask to thank.
How may I say to you now, has never been a prayer parade at God.
Hello, my soul.
Hear me tonight.
I'm trying to tell you now.
Has nothing too hard for God.
Has never been a prayer parade at God.
Can you answer?
Well, that's your question.
What are you praying about tonight?
You know, a lot of us will pray them little prayers of God.
Don't come through.
We'll fix it.
That's not the way God operates tonight.
I'm telling you not here.
There's never been a prayer prayed out.
He can't answer that.
I thought about this scripture, Acts chapter number 12 and Acts chapter 12.
Don't turn to Acts chapter number 12.
You'll find that Herod is already.
He's a wicked man, by the way, Herod the king.
He's already killed Jane and Peter put in prison.
And after Easter, there's going to bring Peter forth on 11 days.
After Easter's was talking about, hey, going to bring, he put up Peter and jail.
And after Easter, there's going to bring Peter forth and cut his head off.
And guess what happened?
He got up Peter and jail and the Bible said that he laid down and went to sleep.
Well, that's your question.
They're going to bring you out jail tomorrow and cut your head off.
Would you lay down and go to sleep?
That's what happened to Peter.
And Peter is laying down asleep.
You know why I know Peter knew how Peter could lay down and go to sleep?
Because Peter went sleeping on a promise.
Yes, say, what do you mean?
You remember John 21 and John 21.
Jesus said, Simon, when the heart, oh, hello, I said promise.
He went sleeping on a promise.
And may I say this to you to not hear me and hear me well.
Peter's laying down asleep.
God, and the prayer made that John Mark's house hard.
They're calling on God.
Let me ask you a question.
How'd you like being jailed tonight?
And tomorrow, they're going to bring you out and catch head off.
And you're trusting on the average, they have this church down the road to pray you out jailed tonight.
I got one thing to say, baby, you might all have your wheel fix.
Don't you hear me?
That's exactly what happened.
They're praying for him.
John Mark's house.
No time of Peter's layin' our sleep.
And while he's layin' our sleep, God dispatch an angel from heaven.
Smoke Peter on the side.
Head to wake him up.
You remember that?
He'd layin' our sleep.
Head to wake him up.
We'll call Peter up and get out to the front gate.
Get out to the front door.
He'd open us on the court and get out to the main gate, big old gate by itself.
He'd open us on his own court.
Now Simon, Peter goes one way.
The angel goes the other way.
And Peter goes down to John Mark's house.
and knocks on the door.
I love this story.
And that little damson come to the door.
And those days they had a little window, a little thing squire that they would open for.
They opened the main door and I can see her.
She opens that little door as she sees Simon, Peter said and I, as she goes running back into that crowd and said, Hey, guess who's at the door?
And she said, who's at the door?
She said Simon, Peter, you know what they said to her?
They said, you're a man.
You've lost, that's the same word we get our word maniac from.
You've lost your mind.
This should have been not, they prayed a prayer and got it answered and then they believe it.
Hey, there's nothing, are you hearing me?
It's never been a prayer prayer to God, teenager, or my soul.
I don't know what you're praying about.
I don't know what your situation is tonight.
That's a God in heaven.
Thank God.
Had anxious prayer, are you hearing me?
I love this story, Mount Carmel, 1 Kings 17, 18.
I love that story.
let the God the dancers by fire be God.
And you know the story about Elijah and the prophets of Baal.
And the God is going to answer by fire.
He's going to be Lord, going to be God.
And Elijah, being the gentleman that he was, he let the Baal gods go first.
And the erected the altar, they built, they worked hard on it, study the Bible.
And they built that altar.
And they put it all together.
They put water on it, fill the trenches with water and all that.
And they got down and called on their God bill.
And if you study a Bible, they prayed six hours.
And guess what happened?
Zero.
Nothing.
That's what happened.
Their God bill.
He's dead.
Are you hearing me?
And when they get down, Elijah said, get out of the way.
I love that story.
You read it.
It's almost comical.
What Elijah said.
Now, let's say cry a little louder.
maybe he's on the trip, maybe he's out there.
Just call along loud, loud, you'll make fun of him.
Or, yo, maybe not.
And when he gets done, get some out of the way, the Bible said that he repaired the altar of the Lord.
And loud, you got down on his knees and prayed six to three words.
They prayed six hours.
He prayed about 60 seconds and the fire God failed.
There's never been a prayer prayed to God.
Hear me tonight.
I don't know what you're praying about.
And I really don't know why the Lord made this particular mess in my heart tonight.
You may be here tonight, boy, you've been praying about this and that.
I've got some good use tonight for you.
Hey, yes, keep praying.
Thank God.
That's never been a prayer pray to God, can't I?
There's an old preacher in Western North Carolina.
I'm a thank and murphy, but I'm not sure about the location.
That's known for praying.
Everybody, far and wide goes, gets this old man of God to pray for.
I've heard preachers happen to already talk about this whole man of God.
I think he's still alive.
And just an old mountain preacher, never got his name in the store of the Lord, never hardly been out of the county for what I understand, but you talking about getting the Holy God from around me and my daddy.
You talking about getting the Holy God.
They'll go to him from far and wide and get people to get him to pray for him.
Some of the preachers now to hurt him went to him one day and said, uh, tell me what you need to do.
You need to write a book.
about your prayer life."
And of course he said, I'm not writing a book.
I'm not going to do that.
He just wanted to do it.
And after a bid, after a few months went by, he decided to write the book.
And in the book, it only had two words.
Do it.
That's what it said.
Just do it.
I'm telling you, I can witness that tonight.
I'm not a good person.
I ought to be in hell and I know that tonight.
But I know this beyond the shadow of a doubt.
I've seen God move and nobody knew anything about it.
Hey, I told nobody about it.
I've seen the end of God.
Hear me tonight.
There's never, never, never, ever prayed a God can't answer.
I want to say number two on this text tonight.
We're doing good right now.
It's five minutes after five.
Notice number two.
It's Alabama time, by the way.
But notice this, not only it's never been a prayer pray to God, can't answer it.
Why don't you look in His text again and look at verse number 11, verse number 10.
And He said, I will certainly return to them the according time of life.
And lo Sarah, thy wife shall have a son.
And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which were behind him.
And Abraham and Sarah was old and well-stricken in age.
And it ceased to be with Sarah after the matter of women.
Therefore, Sarah liked putting herself saying, after I am waxed old, shall I have pleasure?
my Lord be no law.
So hey, ladies, you see what she calls her husband.
L O R D, y'all see that right there.
It's in the Bible.
It's King James.
And are you listening?
I was in this verse here at verse 12, and then sir, life within herself saying, after I am my soul, shall I have pleasure, my Lord be no law.
So no, that's a quick question.
Will you agree with me?
She's got a problem.
Let me ask you, I've been asked you this way.
How many has ever seen a woman nine years old?
I got scared yesterday.
I'm sorry, ma'am.
I didn't know you was expecting.
I got scared yesterday.
I came by here to pick up a book and preached to them what it would be.
And I went in to get it and had more clothes on, old camouflage.
I looked worse, nurse, tee bass or hat pulled down.
And I noticed the end of the hall.
This lady back here and this lady over here, I didn't know they was in that Sunday school class.
I just kind of walked up the door and I thought, I'm going to have a little fun.
Hey, I'm sorry.
I didn't know you was expected.
Oh, are you hearing me?
And, but here's my question.
There's another funny story out here in history too.
Let's preach today about that later.
Hey, woman brought food here as opposed to went to another church yesterday.
You say, what'd you do?
I told her to leave it.
Does that what I said?
But watch this.
How many has ever seen, I'm talking about, how many has ever seen a woman, 90 years old expected?
I've never seen a woman 90 years old pregnant.
I've never seen a woman 80 years old expected.
I've never seen a woman 75 years old.
I remember when Jerome, I was born our first grandbaby 29 years ago.
I remember that Saturday afternoon that Rebecca went to the hospital.
It was June the 1st.
And I remember that Saturday afternoon when she was at the hospital.
Jan and I wanted to be there when Jeremiah, first grandbaby was born.
So we rushed down to the hospital in Concord.
We stayed down, we stayed down, we stayed down, we stayed down, we stayed down.
And I don't know what happened that night, but during the night evidently it was a full moon or so.
I don't know what it was.
That must have been 40 women coming out.
Some of them looked like he's 14 months.
Are you hearing me?
No, the one on my thought was 80 years old.
No, the one on my thought was 75 years old.
No, the one on my thought was 65 years old.
No, the one on my thought was 60 years old.
No, the one on my thought, I don't know whether that stops, I'm going to hush or hear me.
I didn't listen.
Would you agree with me?
They got a problem right here.
Hey, Sarah's 90 years old, but wait a minute.
Here's a double problem about Sarah and Genesis chapter number 11.
And just chapter 11 verse 29, her neighborhood gets married.
And verse number 30, the Bible says, Shera, it was barren.
It's not that she's nine years old, can't have a baby.
She's not only nine years old, can't have a baby.
She's barren.
God, it's shed her wound.
You say, what are you trying to say?
Here's what I'm trying to say.
There's never been a prayer prayed that God can't answer.
But I'll say number two, he ain't never been a problem to be a God case solved.
I said, man, I love that.
He ain't never been a problem to be a God case solved tonight.
Would you agree?
They got a problem.
Huh?
Brother Mike, my Daniel was my wife and his wife met some time ago to eat dinner together.
And I told brother Mike, I said, preacher, you and Miss Ellen, your close, our close friends.
And Jan and I just wanted y'all to be the first to know that we're going to have a baby.
Mike said, okay, Abraham.
Okay, Miss Sarah.
Are you hear me?
She's 90.
And by the way, Abraham's a hundred.
And according to the Hebrews, he's dead.
He's about his seat.
He's dead.
But on day the night, there's not a problem to being that God can't solve.
I say, hey, I say he speak worlds into existence.
He can bring beauty out of ashes.
Hey, there's never been a problem to this.
God can't solve tonight.
There's all kinds of problems.
I've been out the past year and now for several years.
And, uh, Preachers tell me stuff goes on in churches.
as his dumb as a psychedelic that they have to put up with this day and time.
It's crazy, man.
Some of the stuff, y'all, if you've ever prayed for your pastor and his wife, I'm preaching good or y'all hear me.
I said, wake up, look up here.
If you've ever prayed for your pastor, you need to do that right now.
Well, not right now, but when you get done with service right here, I mean, pray for them.
They need it tonight.
had the problems, that spiritual problems, that social problems, that financial problems, that's the message.
That's all kinds of problems tonight.
My wife now went through a situation, I'm not a liberty to tell the whole story.
Some time ago, I couldn't tell nobody about it.
I couldn't share it with nobody else.
She couldn't share it with nobody else.
Only her and I know what I'm talking about right now.
And only only God could fix it.
I said, only God could fix it.
And the more I prayed and the more she prayed, the worse it got.
The more I prayed and the more she prayed, the worse it got.
We took days and faced it and prayed about this particular situation.
And seemed like the more we prayed, the worse it got.
But I'll tell you in the end of God, and in God's time and in God's way, I'm dead.
He took care of that situation.
I live back on it tonight and say, Hey, we shall be God tonight.
It's never been a problem to be here.
that God can't solve.
Here's what happens.
God specializes in hard cases.
I don't know what your situation is tonight, but I'll promise you tonight, God specializes in hard, it may look like it's never gonna happen.
It may look like you're young, it's never gonna get saved.
It may look like cat marriage, never gonna get back together.
It may look like tonight, that situation, your job's never gonna be solved.
It may look like, and praise me, I got a neighbor, it's got 27 cats.
I come home and I don't know how to open the garage door.
We don't mind.
I come on the other night.
Hope I get my message.
I come home the other night.
Hope my garage don't fix them.
Steve, thanks.
Run my garage.
Oh, you hear me?
And I get one out.
Three come back here.
Y'all know what I started to do?
Hello, I'm moving on, but listen to me.
There's never been a problem to be.
There may be a neighbor problem.
There may be a neighbor.
There may be a citizen and I ain't never been a problem to be.
God can't solve tonight.
Israel gets down to the Red Sea.
When they get down to the Red Sea and start a cross, they turn around.
Here comes Pharaoh and his army.
Well, all them chariots and all his hosts of Egypt, Egyptian army.
And Israel says, let's turn around and go back.
Let's go back.
Moses said, stand still.
But God said,
go forward.
Are you hearing me?
And I don't say tonight, you don't have a problem.
That God can't take care of tonight.
Hear me tonight.
We worry ourselves to death.
Don't ask your question.
Do you ever go home at night and go to bed and get in the bed and your body lays down, but your brain don't lay down.
You don't have a problem with that.
I mean, everything is relaxed.
Everything's laying there.
Everything's shut down.
Except your brain.
nod your little heads at me.
I have a problem with that sometime.
And I don't tell you as long as I lay there and try to figure that out.
As long as I lay, here's what we do when problems come.
Men are the best in the world this.
Men are going to fix it.
Men fix it.
Women worries.
So here's the deal.
When problems come, we as men, we pull out all our little lifeboats.
We'd fix that.
We'd take care of that.
But I, that's no problem.
I, I think I can handle that.
I'm smarter than that.
And the more you mess with, the more I mess with, the worse it gets.
Hello?
And the whole time, the whole time God has seen over in the corner with his arms crossed just like this and says, have at it, big boy.
Just have to yourself do what you want to.
Just have to yourself.
But when you get out of the way and give it to me, I'll take care of it.
I'm preaching goods.
Everybody hear me tonight.
There's never been a problem to me that God can't solve.
I don't care what it is tonight.
I'm telling you, God is able.
Oh, my soul.
I thought about this.
Abraham, sir, got ahead of God.
When you look in Genesis 16, that's one time Abraham should have never listened to his wife.
He told Hagar, his henmaid, sir, said, take her, lie with her.
And he did.
Here come his to me.
Yes, the meal's still around today.
Oh, y'all hear me?
What a problem.
Now, God ahead of God, hear me tonight, don't you?
That's never been a problem to me.
God can't stop.
We say here tonight, hey, you're in this good church, good fundamental Bible preaching church, and you're sitting here in your mind.
You're saying, oh, yes, I know about that problem.
I bet there's no way.
Oh, yes, church away.
God table tonight.
Give this night, give one more point.
We're going home.
I was preaching in South Carolina.
God doesn't preach them on that way.
last night of the meeting, by the way.
And this woman came to the altar and everybody in the church gathered around this lady and prayed with her.
They son, brother Ted, they son 97 verses of just as I am.
That is kept safe.
She just stayed and stayed and stayed and stayed.
Everybody in the church prayed with her.
After everybody got done praying with her and went back to pew, she sealed their
in the altar of beside the pasture.
The pasture looked at me and done this.
And I looked down at him and done this.
I mean, I couldn't help that woman.
I had to have a clue what she was going through.
I bowed down beside her and I said, ma'am, can I help you pray about something?
Don't about problems.
Never been a problem so being that God keeps on.
I said, ma'am, are there something I'm happy to pray about?
She said, yes, sir.
I said, what is it?
She said, somebody stole my children.
I said, do what?
And I asked her the third time.
I said, what do you mean?
And she looked at me with a stone face and said this, what part of that don't you understand?
Somebody stole my children.
I said, who?
I didn't know what in the world would say that woman.
Holy Ghost said, read her out, John 15.
And I read with the Bible and said, if two young earth will agree, it's touching on the same thing.
There I'll be to me.
It's not saying, ma'am, here's what I'm going to do.
I'm leaving tonight, but I'm going to claim this promise with you.
Children, Word of God, I'm going to claim this promise with you.
We're going to pray and trust God to get your children.
She really did.
She had that same-made children.
Somebody really stole her children in the state of Florida, stole them out of the car, stole them.
That's the truth.
I said, ma'am,
I'm gonna claim the promise with you.
We're gonna trust God, put your family back together, get your children back together.
I've never heard that in my life.
And so after that night, I closed the meeting, I lived.
About a year later, I was back in that area preaching under a gospel tent.
Got done preaching one night and lady from the back walked up in front said, you know me?
I said, well, sure, I know you.
I'd have a clue who she was.
Here's the deal.
If you'll be quiet,
They'll tell you who they are.
But if they don't tell you, then you have to ask them, forgive you for lying.
But anyhow, I said, yeah, I know you.
She said, you remember preaching over here?
A woman come to the altar and she went through the store about her young and has been gone.
I said, yes, ma'am, I remember that.
She said, preach ain't nothing too hard for God.
She said, look on the back row.
And I looked on the back row that day.
I ain't never seen any young as my wife.
The whole back row, she said, preach there's nothing too hard for God.
Oh, y'all hear me preach tonight.
Oh, hear me tonight.
Never been a prayer, prayed God can answer.
Never been a problem.
It's a big God can answer.
I close with this.
When I look at Lot's life, and this text here in Genesis 19, Genesis 18, when I look at the life of Lot, here's what I would say.
He's as lost as a ball in high grace.
I can't think of anything more wickedner than giving your daughters to a bunch of homosexuals.
That's what he was getting ready to do.
Are y'all with me tonight?
I'm in the Bible.
I can't think of anything more wicked than that.
And he sure did that.
Matter of fact, you know where the mobots come from?
I don't know where the mobots come from.
That awful relationship between a lot and his daughter.
And when I look at lot tonight, here's what I say.
That man is lost as a ball and hydrates.
What a wicked person.
What a wicked, wicked person.
But there's two reasons I know he's safe.
I know he saved number one because God got him out for the judgment of God ever failed.
And God's going to get the church out here for the judgment of God falls.
Number two, I know he saved because what Simon Peter said.
Simon Peter said to Peter chapter two, verse six and seven, eight and nine, that just man, that righteous man, that just righteous soul.
Here's my thought.
If God can save a lot, he'd save anybody.
Joe, get what I just said.
I said, if God can save a lot, he'd save anybody.
Get my thought and I'm done.
Not anything too hard for God.
Never been a prayer pray to can't answer.
Never been a problem some big that God can't solve.
Number three, never been a person so wicked that God can't say.
Isn't that good?
I don't care how wicked they are.
I don't care how how they are.
I'm telling you that there's never been a person so wicked that God can't save.
You fellers, we work in the jail together, new ladies.
And thank y'all so much, all you that come to jail,
I'm busy on Friday and I don't set talk to y'all like I ought to.
I'm not stuck up.
I've just got other things on my mind.
And I appreciate you coming.
I really do all of you that come and helping that gentleman.
What a wonderful rewarding job.
What a rewarding thing it is to professions faith on Friday and that we see some wicked vowel people.
I mean wicked people get saved.
And I know there's there's there's some of the brethren.
look down our nose at us and look down at us, this look down on this church because we go to them places.
All I know is they just keep looking because I'm going to keep going because sometimes some of them will get saved.
And God, listen to me, I've never been a person so wicked that God cannot save.
Don't quit praying for your loved one.
Don't give up on them.
I'm telling you, if they breath and they're abiding, God's speaking, God, God can save them tonight.
Many years ago, I'm done.
Many years ago, I was going down the road today.
Your wife would tell the truth.
Going down the road today, I said, I ain't never preached that.
He said, you've got real close to it, but anyhow, I'm done.
There are persons who wicked God can't say,
There have been problems to make it God can't solve, and there have been a prior prayer to God can't answer.
I'm going to give you this and I'm done.
I don't care who your loved one is, how weak it is, how vile they are.
Hey, we had old boys say Friday.
He had meth sores all over him.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Sick.
Sick looking.
Terrible.
Brand new God just had come in.
I'm telling you that, that, that, that dope, a key.
Are you hearing me?
all over.
It's awful.
But he got born again, he got washed in the blood.
But here's what I started to say.
Never been a person so we could get God can't say.
Years and years ago, I told him this year before.
Years and years ago, I was going to revival meeting.
It would have been probably in the early middle 90s.
I was preaching revival on Stony Point, North Carolina.
And I stopped at Maxwell, North Carolina by me and you had.
Back in my head, gets wet sometimes when I preach and
I put a hat on, keeps them getting sore throat.
And I went into Moore's department store.
Y'all don't even remember that.
Moore's department store.
To buy me a new hat.
And I was by myself, I think it was like on a Wednesday.
Nobody went with it that night, just a trio and I.
And so, y'all know the trio, don't you?
And so I went in to buy that new hat.
I'm here in here and I hate doing that, just because I hate it.
Every time I try to win them hats on, I can feel them kudos.
You don't know who's had that hat on.
I tried on them new hats.
Two hours over from me, there's a black man and a white woman arguing about to get in the fight.
I thought, do you lower?
I'm getting my hat and get out of here.
And all of a sudden that black boy come up and said, you worked on that woman, worked out.
That black boy said, hey, man, you're a rapper, don't you?
I said, absolutely not.
I'm not a reverend.
And by the way, it's just the Bible twice as a reverend to God.
I said, Holy Ghost said, you better tell Him truth.
I said, I'm a preacher.
I'm a pastor.
He said, wonderful.
He said, this woman over here is going to hell.
I'm trying to get her saved.
And you know, you know what they're arguing about, Red Ted?
Eternal security.
They's arguing about eternal security.
I heard them.
I heard what they're arguing about.
He said, come over here and talk to her.
I said, it ain't no way.
My dad told me a long time ago, if they're talking about religion or politics, run.
So I wasn't going to talk to her.
Got my hat, walked up to count to pray for my hat.
Yes, he waited on me.
That little white lady waited on me.
I paid her for her, she started out the door.
She said, wait a minute.
I said, what?
She said, what do you think about any term security?
I said, ma'am, he term security is not the issue.
She said, well, just what is the issue?
I said, the issue is this right here.
If you died right now, your heart ceased to beat, your blood pressure drops.
You drop dead right where you stand.
Are you going to hell or hell?
Ooh.
And I said that, but tears woke up in her eyes.
She began to weep and I began to preach.
I said, I got some good news, mom.
You don't have to go to hell.
Christ died for you and I went right down through the gospel telling the story.
And about halfway through that, somebody take me on the back.
I turned around and looked and it was a manager of the store.
He said, sir, you're not allowed to do that in here.
I said, I already have.
So I got, I didn't know the whole story.
I got the woman by the arm, middle-aged woman, Tucker outside, laid my Bible across the hood of my car right in front of the courthouse, Navy County, Maxwell, North Carolina, laid my Bible across the hood of my car and tuck her to Calvary.
Told her of the whole story.
How Jesus loved her.
How Christ died for her.
Told her the holster.
She said, I just a boo-hoo.
And I said, now I got some good news, Mom.
Jesus loves you.
Christ the Savior.
And I said, do you got to ask Him?
I can't save you, but you got to ask Him.
Now, bow down the head and prayer with the Master Lord to save her.
When I got done praying, I looked up at her, she went crying, she went smiling, she went doing nothing.
I said, ma'am, did you not understood what I said?
What I just said?
She said, I understood every word you said.
But she said, preachers begin to weep, God can't save me.
And I made a mistake passing why?
Come to find out she's an old ex-prostitute.
I don't even think she knew who the deadest of her children were.
Her life wasn't a mess.
I never heard such a story in my life.
She got done.
I said, wait just a minute.
Will you let me read you one more verse?
And I flipped on the book of Timothy and I read this.
This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation.
Christ Jesus, come into the world, save centers of whom?
I'm chief.
I said, Mom, you're pretty bad, but he got some good news.
She said, what?
I said, he's already saved the worst.
He done.
He doesn't save the worst one.
And if he saved him, he'll save you.
I said, I'm going to pray with you again.
All you got to do is ask them and mean it from the heart.
You got to ask him, I can't save you.
You got to ask him yourself.
I prayed with her again.
I got done praying, looked up at her.
She's smiling and crying at the same time.
I said, how about it, mama?
She said, he did.
He did.
I grabbed that OX prostitute, hugged her real good.
You say, you didn't hug.
I did right on Main Street, right before God and everybody else.
Oh, y'all hearing me?
I'm telling you that there's never been a person so wicked that God can't save.
Lord have mercy.
Give them a track.
Tell them about you.
I don't care how wicked help out.
Oh, you hear me tonight?
There's not anything too hard for the Lord.
I won't say this and I'm done.
Don't play.
Just kind of listen to me.
I watch y'all while I was preaching tonight.
I'm done.
I watch y'all while y'all while I was preaching.
You know what you folk over here were doing?
You know what these people are doing?
Not all of them, but some of them are doing this.
And I looked in this section, probably a few more in this section doing this, really listening good.
Nick was asleep, but everybody else was listening.
I looked in this section, and here's what I thought.
Robert knows my next port.
He don't remember 34 years ago, are you listening?
You're shaking your little heads at me.
And that's what y'all was doing over here.
You know what that tells me?
That tells me you probably got a prayer request tonight.
An urgent, an urgent, an urgent prayer request tonight.
I tell you what outside, I think you probably got a problem.
If you don't, you're the first person I met in a long time, it don't.
We all have problems.
I've been going through some stuff in my personal life.
last few weeks, I don't understand it.
But I know this, when I can't track him, I can trust him.
He always does right.
I don't always understand, but he always does right.
He's always faithful.
Thank you for that lesson.
Hey, there's not a problem to be can't solve.
Your loved one, it looks like it's never, ever, ever, ever going to get saved.
Won't you spread him out before God right here on this